Subject: Two documented failures in your billing/verification system — token deducted in violation of your own policy, and a payment hold that never triggered verification

To Realie Support,

Below are two separate, verifiable failures in your systems, both of which I can document precisely. I'm not asking you to take my word for anything — every claim below is either a direct quote from your own published documentation or a screenshot of your own dashboard.

ISSUE 1: A token was deducted on a 403 response, in direct violation of your own published policy.

I made a request to your property search endpoint:
GET https://app.realie.ai/api/public/property/search/?state=FL&county=Lee&city=Cape+Coral

It returned:
403 Client Error: Forbidden

Before this request, my account showed 7 tokens remaining for the billing period. Immediately after this single failed request, it showed 6. One token was deducted for a request that did not succeed.

Your own API FAQ (docs.realie.ai/api-reference/faq) states, verbatim:

"[A token is deducted] when the response is 200. Empty lookups (404), authentication failures (401), and monthly token allowance exhaustion (403) do not spend a token."

This is not an edge case I am interpreting generously in my own favor. It is your own written policy, stating explicitly that a 403 does not spend a token. Mine did. Either your documentation is wrong, your billing logic doesn't match your documentation, or both. All three possibilities are your responsibility to fix, not mine to work around.

ISSUE 2: Your payment verification flow silently fails to complete itself, then blocks paying customers from using the product with no clear explanation.

I added a payment card to my account. Your system placed a hold on it — the standard, universally understood mechanism by which a payment processor confirms a card is valid. That hold appeared on my bank statement, confirming your system successfully contacted my bank and validated the card.

Despite this, your API continued rejecting every request with:
"Forbidden: Verify at least one payment card to continue"

I checked your own Billing Dashboard. The card was listed, set as Default, with a hold already processed — and sitting next to it, a separate "Verify card" button that had never been triggered. Your system performed the verification-equivalent action (the hold) and then did not mark the card as verified, silently leaving the account in a broken state with no notification, no error message at the point of card entry, and no indication anywhere that an additional manual step was required.

A hold succeeding is the industry-standard signal that a card is valid. Every competent payment integration (Stripe, Braintree, and effectively every other processor) treats a successful hold as verification and updates account status automatically. Requiring a second, undocumented manual action after the hold already succeeded — with zero prompt telling the customer this step exists — is not a minor UX gap. It is a broken flow that blocks paying customers from the product they are trying to pay for, and it did exactly that to me.

WHAT I EXPECT:

1. A refund of the token deducted on the 403 in Issue 1, and a direct explanation for why your system charged it in violation of your own documented policy.
2. An explanation for why card verification did not complete automatically after the hold succeeded in Issue 2, and confirmation that this will not silently recur.
3. Confirmation, not a generic reply — I have the receipts for both of these, documented above and by screenshot, and I expect a response that addresses each one specifically, not a copy-paste macro.

Account email: [YOUR REALIE ACCOUNT EMAIL HERE]
Approximate time of Issue 1: [DATE/TIME HERE, e.g. Sep 12, 2026 ~3:xx PM EDT]
Approximate time of Issue 2: [DATE/TIME HERE, e.g. Sep 12, 2026 ~8:xx PM EDT]

[YOUR NAME]
